all right so this is gonna be game
number three looks like I'm going first
again snow my to eat it very a great
card it has to be a face-up on the
porters money but still overall good
card so he does come sets that nipple
manga know that card is so unfair attack
me I'm okay with that because now you
don't get your effect you get nine heart
damage pretty good
oh very good play I let's bring that
side with that I would say long ago well
heart I figure for this like oh so good
you know I don't think I'll get another
chance to really summon this so I'm
gonna go for it right now and that was
this card burn easy guys yeah it hurts
then again to the effects of monsters
just for my battle by feet monster I
hope you don't have like a mere force
please don't have me report you say yes
I swear these CPUs all the time
they I have the heart of the cards but
that's maybe because I don't believe in
the heart of the cards
I believe in duality before the card you
need yes okay cuz it moves me a party
with activating of course it's animal on
Bailey I get another hydro get on now
I'm okay with that
a downturn yes I'm actually the
effective hydro get on Attack Position
yes pay 500 no I know some another one
in Attack Position Hydra guy don't say
what's up and you're gonna again I like
this I'm okay because I'm waiting so
fast
yes we activate the feature get Hydra
get on so good see this is why I dragon
is he needs to get hit by the list he's
just way too good oh I take off i he
takes my angry oh that's unfair I
thought I think people take it that that
sounds cooling water
otherwise we would have had pain well
why are we so good at this game we have
exactly game Whateley cast that was the
fastest game ever versus like it like
the top radiant like CPU duel because
usually think the the guys the end they
last forever but we just we hydro again
we seriously basically hydro got on otk
hydric Yoshi almost all of this behind
reality we want so I'm afraid sorry that
video was so short but like you have to
play throughout the whole tournament so
I'm gonna cut off well let's see what we
pulled our fault has screwed up flames I
I can kind of read the crisis card can
only be special summoned by summoning
one fire monster in your graveyard brow
removing I can't read sorry I tried the
text just isn't even like real text
which is kind of like looks kinda like
it's gibberish epidemic oh
plaguespreader we actually feel pretty
good that was eleazar good car turning
wait come on so in this format i guess
turn aid heavy and call waiver legal
that's another red dragon archfiend cuz
i needed more than three masks of
darkness i think that cards actually one
or two it's kind of funny so that was
the fastest game but like that would
probably one of the coolest when we've
basically hydro get on otk but uh thanks
for watching guys we're home let's see
if there's an nothing anything happens
after this but let's just find out if in
cabins
oh I'm the champion oh so I guess I get
to play Rex next next time I guess the
champion I get to play for X so what
just send you back to the main menu
there's no vertex story mode but thanks
for watching guys Asian eyes white
dragon signing out